[System Testing]
Parental control
reset feature? (button trigger?})
pptp vpn  --> firewall need to be disabled
	  --> chap secret file bug?


merge difference from 
/home/eric/work/test_spf30/spf30/.product/code/qsdk/package/system/	



Capitcal portal User requirements


Capital portion
[Phase I]
1. The Wifi users can access the bus-stop wifi for pre-defined time after one of the action:
   1.1 Open browser and click on the redirect ad.
   1.2 Open browser and enter user name/password and/or click on ad.
   1.3 Open browser and finished the redirect 3rd part social auth and/or clicking on ad.

2. The Wifi users will be not be able to access internet before clicking the 'start auth' button on portal page.
3. The Wifi users will could access some auth related sites for some time after clicking 'start auth' button.
   The time interval is different according to WiFi-plans.

4. The Wifi users will see the ads in image or video format.
5. The WiFi users need to wait a pre-defined video playing time before internet is accessible.
6. The WiFi users will be able to access internet if the backend cloud server is down due to maintaince of other reasons.

7. The Wifi users could select different SSIDs to associate and result in different AUTH methods.
8. The system admin(cloud user) could add WiFi-plan for a group of APs.
9. The system admin(cloud user) should be able to access AP information through Web-based GUI.
	Information: AP link status, servicing clients, corresponding wifi-plan, MAC, Up Time, AP Groups.
10. The system admin(cloud user) is able to create a wifi-plan and assign it to an AP group.
11. The system admin(cloud user) is able to create a account for auth.
12. The system admin(cloud user) is able to access the client history information.
	Information Field: 
	MAC, AP, SSID, IP, start time, end time, target URL, ad title, click time, ad view time, auth ID, 
	
12. The system admin(cloud user) is able to access the client Action information.
	Information Field: 
	MAC, AP, SSID, IP, start time, end time, target URL, ad title, click time, ad view time, auth ID, traffice statistic?




AC/AP Portion
1. The AP WAN is default DHCP so if the WAN is connected to DHCP then no configuration is needed in deployment phrase.
2. The AP has a LED blinking to indicate its connectivity to AC server.
3. The AP will send periodically keepalive packets to AC server so AC server could determine it's  connection status.
4. The AP report its config profile/firmware version to AC so AC could automatically update firware and config.
5. The Daily-maintenace interval is configured in AC to make sure AP is not done in daytime.
6. AC admin could access AP information through command lines/Web GUI.
	 Information: Neighbor APs, authenticated uses, unauthenticated users, wifi channel, avg uplink rate(loading).
				  
	     





[Phase II]
1. The wifi users can access the bus-stop wifi after one of the action:
   1.4 Open browser and enter Email address and then authenticate with the password in Email.
   1.5 Open browser and enter phone number and then authenticate with the password in SMS.

2. The wifi users directly access internet if they already done authentication in other AP.
   Only need to re-authenticate after the time expires.


3. The account owner could push their own account database to Web Server.






[Wifi-Son]
1. wifison_ext lib
2. stabv
3. apstats


